# GameBreaker Types

## GBWin
window type. Only used in main GB window. Do not use it if only you know what you are doing!

## [GBObject](1.1-object.md)
object type. Used for creating thing like players, menus, etc.
Handles:
	- coordinates (x,y) and their previous values (xprevious,yprevious);
	- sprite for drawing and mask sprite for collisions (not implemented as of current GB version);
	- speed (spd), horizontal and vertical speed (hspd,vspd) variables;
	- direction, gravity, gravity_direction and friction for physics calculation;
	- depth is used to calculate, when GameBreaker should draw your sprite;
	- image_index and image_speed used to calculate current sprite's frame;
	- instance id for room;
	- object id;
	- alarm, the default value is `12`, but this value can be increased if [`GB_MAX_OBJ_ALARMS`](20-defines.md) will be changed;
	- functions, like draw function (event_draw), step function (event_step) and create function (event_create).

## [GBSprite](1.2-sprite.md)
sprite type. Used for storing images in the program.
Handles:
	- image itself;
	- its offset coordinates (offx,offy);
	- frames of an image;
	- image rectangle;
	- image width and height;

## [GBAudio](1.3-audio.md)
audio type. Used for storing audio files in a program.
Handles:
	- audio chunk;
	- volume of the audio;
	- length and position of the audio;
	- pan of the audio;
	- type of the audio ([GBAudioType](30-enums.md))
	- 3D coordinates of an audio;

## [GBFont](1.4-font.md)
font type. Used for storing font in a program.
Handles:
	- font itself;
	- font size;
	- font boldness, italic;

## [GBRoom](1.5-room.md)
room type. Used for drawing a program itself.
Handles are available at the main file of GBRoom.

## [GBPath](1.6-path.md)
path type.
Handles:
	- coordinates of points;
	- is path closed or not;
	- path speed;

## [GBText](1.7-text.md)
text type. Used for rendering text with some font for use with [graphics::draw::text()](4.3-graphics.md) function.
Handles:
	- text of the rendered text;
	- font used for text;
	- color used for text;


