### Defines

`GB_USE_SMALL_FUNCNAMES` - tells GameBreaker to use smaller function names instead of default ones.
If `GB_USE_SMALL_FUNCNAMES` is defined, functions like `GameBreaker::graphics::draw::*` will become `draw::*`, 
same with `GameBreaker::audio`, `GameBreaker::screen`, `GameBreaker::graphics::sprite` etc.

`GB_INIT_WIN_FLAGS` - tells GameBreaker to initialize SDL_Renderer with flags, added in this definition.
If `GB_INIT_WIN_FLAGS` is not defined, it will automatically become `SDL_RENDERER_ACCELERATED`.

`GB_MAX_OBJ_ALARMS` -  tells GameBreaker to increase/decrease number of [`GBObject`](1.1-object.md)'s alarms.
Defined `12` as default number of alarms.

`GB_MAX_ROOM_CAMERAS` - tells GameBreaker to increase/decrease number of [`GBRoom`](1.4-room.md)'s cameras.
Defined `8` as default number of cameras.

`GB_WINPOS_CENTERED` - calculated window position for x/y for [`GameBreaker::init()`](4.1-main.md) function.
Redefinition of `SDL_WINDOWPOS_CENTERED`.

`GB_DONT_USE_*` - tells GameBreaker to not use some functions.
You should change `*` to `SFX` to disable audio functions, `KEYB` to disable keyboard functions, 
`JOY` to disable joystick functions. More are coming soon.

`GB_DEFAULT_SAMPLE_SIZE` - GameBreaker default audio sample size. Increasing will make audios store more data, 
which can help remove some audio-related problems, like clicks, freezes, etc.
Defined `1024` as default sample size

`GB_GAME_END_ON_ESC` - tells GameBreaker to exit the game using `ESCAPE` key. Not defined by default.

